Chore: Update instructions where to find release instructions (#4390)
dafny-lang/dafny: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Defines `CsStringEmpty` as an alias for `System.String.Empty`
- Defines `Microsoft.Dafny.HelperString.FinishesByNewline` by also using externs. That helper is defined in `IndentationFormatter.cs`
- Defines a trait `IIndentationFormatter` that Dafny can extend and provide to `ReindentProgramFromFirstToken`

### What is the release process?

> You can file the release process in [docs/dev/RELEASE.md](https://github.com/dafny-lang/dafny/blob/master/docs/dev/RELEASE.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find a description of the release process in [docs/dev/RELEASE.md](https://github.com/dafny-lang/dafny/blob/master/docs/dev/RELEASE.md)
```
